README.md, before:

# ProMotion-map

ProMotion-map provides a PM::MapScreen, extracted from the 
popular RubyMotion gem [ProMotion](https://github.com/clearsightstudio/ProMotion).

## Installation

```ruby
gem 'ProMotion-map'
```

## Usage

Easily create a map screen, complete with annotations.

*Has all the methods of PM::Screen*

```ruby
class MyMapScreen < PM::MapScreen
  title "My Map"
  start_position latitude: 35.090648651123, longitude: -82.965972900391, radius: 4
  
  def on_appear
    update_annotation_data
  end
  
  def annotation_data
    [{
      longitude: -82.965972900391,
      latitude: 35.090648651123,
      title: "Rainbow Falls",
      subtitle: "Nantahala National Forest"
    },{
      longitude: -82.966093558105,
      latitude: 35.092520895652,
      title: "Turtleback Falls",
      subtitle: "Nantahala National Forest"
    },{
      longitude: -82.95916,
      latitude: 35.07496,
      title: "Windy Falls"
    },{
      longitude: -82.943031505056,
      latitude: 35.102516828489,
      title: "Upper Bearwallow Falls",
      subtitle: "Gorges State Park"
    },{
      longitude: -82.956244328014,
      latitude: 35.085548421623,
      title: "Stairway Falls",
      subtitle: "Gorges State Park",
      your_param: "CustomWhatever"
    }, {
      longitude: -82.965972900391,
      latitude: 35.090648651123,
      title: "Rainbow Falls",
      subtitle: "Nantahala National Forest",
      image: UIImage.imageNamed("custom-pin")
    }]
  end

  
end
```

Here's a neat way to zoom into a specific marker in an animated fashion and then select the marker:

```ruby
def zoom_to_marker(marker)
  set_region region(coordinate: marker.coordinate, span: [0.05, 0.05])
  select_annotation marker
end
```

---

### Methods

#### annotation_data
      
Method that is called to get the map's annotation data and build the map. If you do not want any annotations, simply return an empty array.

```ruby
def annotation_data
  [{
    longitude: -82.965972900391,
    latitude: 35.090648651123,
    title: "Rainbow Falls",
    subtitle: "Nantahala National Forest"
  },{
    longitude: -82.965972900391,
    latitude: 35.090648651123,
    title: "Rainbow Falls",
    subtitle: "Nantahala National Forest",
    image: "custom-pin" # Use your own custom image. It will be converted to a UIImage automatically.
  },{
    longitude: -82.966093558105,
    latitude: 35.092520895652,
    title: "Turtleback Falls",
    subtitle: "Nantahala National Forest"
  },{
    longitude: -82.95916,
    latitude: 35.07496,
    title: "Windy Falls"
  },{
    longitude: -82.943031505056,
    latitude: 35.102516828489,
    title: "Upper Bearwallow Falls",
    subtitle: "Gorges State Park"
  },{
    longitude: -82.956244328014,
    latitude: 35.085548421623,
    title: "Stairway Falls",
    subtitle: "Gorges State Park",
    your_param: "CustomWahtever"
  }]
end
```

You may pass whatever properties you want in the annotation hash, but `:longitude`, `:latitude`, and `:title` are required.

Use `:image` to specify a custom image. Pass in a string to conserve memory and it will be converted using `UIImage.imageNamed(your_string)`. If you pass in a `UIImage`, we'll use that, but keep in mind that there will be another unnecessary copy of the UIImage in memory.

You can access annotation data you've arbitrarily stored in the hash by calling `annotation_instance.annotation_params[:your_param]`.

#### update_annotation_data

Forces a reload of all the annotations

#### center

Returns a `CLLocation2D` instance with the center coordinates of the map.

#### center=({latitude: Float, longitude: Float, animated: Boolean})

Sets the center of the map. `animated` property defaults to `true`.

#### annotations

Returns an array of all the annotations.

#### select_annotation(annotation, animated=true)

Selects a single annotation.

#### select_annotation_at(annotation_index, animated=true)

Selects a single annotation using the annotation at the index of your `annotation_data` array.

#### selected_annotations

Returns an array of annotations that are selected. If no annotations are selected, returns `nil`.

#### deselect_annotations(animated=false)

Deselects all selected annotations.

#### add_annotation(annotation)

Adds a new annotation to the map. Refer to `annotation_data` (above) for hash properties.

#### add_annotations(annotations)

Adds more than one annotation at a time to the map.

#### clear_annotations

Removes all annotations from the `MapScreen`.

#### zoom_to_fit_annotations(animated=true)

Changes the zoom and center point of the `MapScreen` to fit all the annotations.

#### set_region(region, animated=true)

Sets the region of the `MapScreen`. `region` should be an instance of `MKCoordinateRegion`.

#### region(params)

Helper method to create an `MKCoordinateRegion`. Expects a hash in the form of:

```ruby
my_region = region({
  coordinate:{
    latitude: 35.0906, 
    longitude: -82.965
  },
  # span is the latitude and longitude delta
  span: [0.5, 0.5]
})
```

---

### Class Methods

#### start_position(latitude: Float, longitude: Float, radius: Float)
    
Class method to set the initial starting position of the `MapScreen`.

```ruby
class MyMapScreen < PM::MapScreen
  start_position latitude: 36.10, longitude: -80.26, radius: 4
end
```

`radius` is the zoom level of the map in miles (default: 10).

---

### Accessors

#### mapview

Reference to the created UIMapView.

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Make some specs pass
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
6. Create new Pull Request

Commit message:

Added :left_accessory and :right_accessory

README.md, after:

# ProMotion-map

ProMotion-map provides a PM::MapScreen, extracted from the
popular RubyMotion gem [ProMotion](https://github.com/clearsightstudio/ProMotion).

## Installation

```ruby
gem 'ProMotion-map'
```

## Usage

Easily create a map screen, complete with annotations.

*Has all the methods of PM::Screen*

```ruby
class MyMapScreen < PM::MapScreen
  title "My Map"
  start_position latitude: 35.090648651123, longitude: -82.965972900391, radius: 4

  def on_appear
    update_annotation_data
  end

  def annotation_data
    [{
      longitude: -82.965972900391,
      latitude: 35.090648651123,
      title: "Rainbow Falls",
      subtitle: "Nantahala National Forest"
    },{
      longitude: -82.966093558105,
      latitude: 35.092520895652,
      title: "Turtleback Falls",
      subtitle: "Nantahala National Forest"
    },{
      longitude: -82.95916,
      latitude: 35.07496,
      title: "Windy Falls"
    },{
      longitude: -82.943031505056,
      latitude: 35.102516828489,
      title: "Upper Bearwallow Falls",
      subtitle: "Gorges State Park"
    },{
      longitude: -82.956244328014,
      latitude: 35.085548421623,
      title: "Stairway Falls",
      subtitle: "Gorges State Park",
      your_param: "CustomWhatever"
    }, {
      longitude: -82.965972900391,
      latitude: 35.090648651123,
      title: "Rainbow Falls",
      subtitle: "Nantahala National Forest",
      image: UIImage.imageNamed("custom-pin")
    }]
  end


end
```

Here's a neat way to zoom into a specific marker in an animated fashion and then select the marker:

```ruby
def zoom_to_marker(marker)
  set_region region(coordinate: marker.coordinate, span: [0.05, 0.05])
  select_annotation marker
end
```

---

### Methods

#### annotation_data

Method that is called to get the map's annotation data and build the map. If you do not want any annotations, simply return an empty array.

```ruby
def annotation_data
  [{
    longitude: -82.965972900391,
    latitude: 35.090648651123,
    title: "Rainbow Falls",
    subtitle: "Nantahala National Forest"
  },{
    longitude: -82.965972900391,
    latitude: 35.090648651123,
    title: "Rainbow Falls",
    subtitle: "Nantahala National Forest",
    image: "custom-pin" # Use your own custom image. It will be converted to a UIImage automatically.
  },{
    longitude: -82.966093558105,
    latitude: 35.092520895652,
    title: "Turtleback Falls",
    subtitle: "Nantahala National Forest"
  },{
    longitude: -82.95916,
    latitude: 35.07496,
    title: "Windy Falls"
  },{
    longitude: -82.943031505056,
    latitude: 35.102516828489,
    title: "Upper Bearwallow Falls",
    subtitle: "Gorges State Park"
  },{
    longitude: -82.956244328014,
    latitude: 35.085548421623,
    title: "Stairway Falls",
    subtitle: "Gorges State Park",
    your_param: "CustomWahtever"
  }]
end
```

You may pass whatever properties you want in the annotation hash, but `:longitude`, `:latitude`, and `:title` are required.

Use `:image` to specify a custom image. Pass in a string to conserve memory and it will be converted using `UIImage.imageNamed(your_string)`. If you pass in a `UIImage`, we'll use that, but keep in mind that there will be another unnecessary copy of the UIImage in memory.

Use `:left_accessory` and `:right_accessory` to specify a custom accessory, like a button.

You can access annotation data you've arbitrarily stored in the hash by calling `annotation_instance.annotation_params[:your_param]`.

#### update_annotation_data

Forces a reload of all the annotations

#### center

Returns a `CLLocation2D` instance with the center coordinates of the map.

#### center=({latitude: Float, longitude: Float, animated: Boolean})

Sets the center of the map. `animated` property defaults to `true`.

#### annotations

Returns an array of all the annotations.

#### select_annotation(annotation, animated=true)

Selects a single annotation.

#### select_annotation_at(annotation_index, animated=true)

Selects a single annotation using the annotation at the index of your `annotation_data` array.

#### selected_annotations

Returns an array of annotations that are selected. If no annotations are selected, returns `nil`.

#### deselect_annotations(animated=false)

Deselects all selected annotations.

#### add_annotation(annotation)

Adds a new annotation to the map. Refer to `annotation_data` (above) for hash properties.

#### add_annotations(annotations)

Adds more than one annotation at a time to the map.

#### clear_annotations

Removes all annotations from the `MapScreen`.

#### zoom_to_fit_annotations(animated=true)

Changes the zoom and center point of the `MapScreen` to fit all the annotations.

#### set_region(region, animated=true)

Sets the region of the `MapScreen`. `region` should be an instance of `MKCoordinateRegion`.

#### region(params)

Helper method to create an `MKCoordinateRegion`. Expects a hash in the form of:

```ruby
my_region = region({
  coordinate:{
    latitude: 35.0906,
    longitude: -82.965
  },
  # span is the latitude and longitude delta
  span: [0.5, 0.5]
})
```

---

### Class Methods

#### start_position(latitude: Float, longitude: Float, radius: Float)

Class method to set the initial starting position of the `MapScreen`.

```ruby
class MyMapScreen < PM::MapScreen
  start_position latitude: 36.10, longitude: -80.26, radius: 4
end
```

`radius` is the zoom level of the map in miles (default: 10).

---

### Accessors

#### mapview

Reference to the created UIMapView.

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Make some specs pass
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
6. Create new Pull Request
